---
slug: v4
title: v4 - Major release
authors: veloci
tags: [major, new, v4]
---

The v4 major release.

<!--truncate-->

## Slash commands
The bot now uses slash commands instead of traditional prefix styled commands (more details [here](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055-Message-Content-Access-Deprecation-for-Verified-Bots#:~:text=In%20April%20of%202022%2C%20access,in%20100%20or%20more%20servers.)). 

## Dashboard
Introducing the all-new dashboard, making the bot configuration process much easier and cleaner than before.

## Server listings
Server listings to help your server grow and evolve.

## Revamped greeter
The greeter module is now much faster than before and supports both animated and static greetings, with a drag and resize editor, 35 more fonts, strokes, shadows and customizable text! 

## Improved Auto-Mod
Auto-mod now has tons of new modules such as banned-words, profanity filter, links & invites filter, zalgo text detection and much more!

## Automatic slowmode
The bot now features the automatic slowmode module which smartly implements slowmode in a channel to keep things under the hood.

## New moderation commands
Introducing emoji, reaction & sticker mutes, mass & soft bans and tons of new moderation features to keep your server safe.

## Improved speed
Blazing fast responses, upto 99.9% uptime and faster command processing.

## Context Menus
In addition to slash-commands, the also features message and user context commands, accessible by right-clicking a message or user.

## More
We've added tons of new commands and modules, get started by using `/help`!